I'm going to be doing a different kind
of tutorial for you I'm going to show
you how to make sushi and one of my
personal favorites is a California roll
so I'll be showing you how to make that
you need are some imitation crab meat
avocados
rice of course I'm using calbro's rice
seaweed rice vinegar mayonnaise this is
just a Japanese mayonnaise you could use
a regular American mayonnaise toasted
sesame seeds and water I'm going to pop
the rice and I'm going to mix in some
rice vinegar into the rice I'm just
going to put about this is about I don't
know two cups of rice and I'm going to
fill this lid with two levels of rice
vinegar and the rice vinegar basically
makes the rice sticky I guess some
people like mixing the rice vinegar when
your rice is hot however when you start
rolling or at least in my experience I
find that whenever make sushi with hot
rice or warm rice the sea we tend to
break a lot easier or one more lid pull
these are rice is now nice and sticky
now let's go ahead and prep the crabmeat
I'm going to put some mayonnaise in the
crabmeat and you'd be surprised by how
much mayonnaise people put in sushi
going to put generous amount so first
I'm going to show you a really easy way
to make sushi and this isn't going to be
your typical inside-out roll take the
rice and lay it on top of the mat it's
important to spread the rice evenly and
you just want a thin layer of rice you
don't want to pack on too much or also
roll is going to be really really big
and sometimes you I mean I don't like it
too big
I'm leaving about an inch or two space
so you can feel it now I'm going to take
the crab meat and lay a strip of it onto
the bottom section of the roll
take your avocado and lay it on top
and then I like to sprinkle some sesame
seeds
we once I ate those little tiny eggs
that you put in shushu with your little
salmon little tobiko there's two kinds
of to be go fill the gaudy one is a
green senator Oh what is it thanks to
Rico's Japanese salmon roe where they
mix like wasabi and the Japanese are
longer that's a little aged yeah Oh
salmon roe eggs our green ones are
tobiko what are the orange ones that's
just regular salmon roe oh okay thank
you okay so I don't have that stuff and
I don't like it so I don't put it in my
role so instead I put sesame seeds and
then you're going to take the bottom and
tightly cut I'm making sure it's tight
so you look like that and then you're
going to continue rolling it
so it looks like that and then I'm going
to seal it with water
kind of like April's if you guys ever
made April even this seal this is water
and then I'm going to continue to roll
there you go there is my sushi roll
but this time I'm not going to leave any
gaps at the top
I have my race on the TV and I'm gonna
put it over to the other side so same
idea
we'll show you how you can set sesame
seed on this it's so easy you just
sprinkle it on
this is a trick that I learned I think I
was watching Anthony Bourdain when you
went to Japan cut right down the middle
and make sure your knife is wet so that
way you don't ruin the sushi cut right
down the middle and then put them
side-by-side
start cutting
or knowledge and this kind of uglies I'm
not an ass
but it thanks for watching
you